INTRODUCTION                              *projectlocal-vim* *projectlocal*

Load your vim project configurations safely, for vim and neovim. Written in
typescript via |denops.vim|.

This is a combination of projectcmd.vim and projectcmd.nvim with the aim to
unify both plugins to support both vim and neovim.

OVERVIEW                                            *projectlocal-overview*

If you've used |exrc| for setting project-level local configurations
before, then you would know that using it might pose a risk where malicious
code can be executed if downloading unknown projects from git repos with an
`.exrc` file in that directory. Therefore, you would also be informed to also
enable |secure| to disable some vim options to prevent the execution of such
code.

However, there might some options you may want to conditionally set on a
project-level basis but the limitations of |secure| restrict you from setting
those options. Some of these options include:

+ autocmds
+ shell commands
+ write commands

projectlocal-vim tries to tackle this by not using |secure| or |exrc| but by
sourcing your project-level local configurations in a safe manner.

What this means is that when you open a project for the first time, and
projectlocal-vim detects a project config in the project directory, it will
then prompt you to allow the local config to be sourced along with your vim
config. Once you've accepted it, it will remember the project directory and
will load the local configuration the next time you open vim in that project
directory.

This plugin will also not execute your local config, if you've made changes
to the local config file after permitting it.  This means, that
projectlocal-vim will again prompt you to accept the changes and re-source
the local config file. It's designed to make sure any changes should go
through the user first before sourcing it.

Essentially, the goal of this plugin is to help you safely source your local
configurations in a project. Think of it like an `.vscode/settings.json` file
but for vim/neovim and written in vimscript or Lua. This gives you and your
team more control on how to set vim configurations on the project and not
mess with your user configurations.

[Revised from projectcmd.nvim]

CONFIGURATIONS                                        *projectlocal-config*

To get started, just install the plugin and add a `init.vim` to you project
directory into the location: `$PROJECT/.vim/init.vim` (where `$PROJECT` is
your project directory). This will automatically be picked up by
projectlocal-vim and will prompt you to be allowed to be sourced for the
first time.

Default configurations are as follows:

>
    let g:projectlocal = {
        \ 'showMessage': v:true,
        \ 'projectConfig': '.vim/init.vim',
	\ 'debug': v:false,
        \ }
<

or in Lua:

>
    vim.g.projectlocal = {
        showMessage = true,
        projectConfig = '.vim/init.vim',
	debug = false,
    }
<

These must be defined BEFORE the plugin is loaded via your plugin manager.

COMMANDS					    *projectlocal-commands*

Commands associated to enable/disable auto sourcing the local project config
or manually sourcing it.

                                 *:ProjectLocalConfig*
:ProjectLocalConfig              Open the project local config file, if it
                                 exists.


                                 *:ProjectLocalAutoloadEnable*
:ProjectLocalAutoloadEnable      Enable auto sourcing, if it was disabled.
				 This means on the next time you open vim
				 and the local project config has changed
				 then it will ask the user to allow sourcing
				 the file. If there were no changes on the
				 local project config file then source it
				 automatically.

                                 *:ProjectLocalAutoloadDisable*
:ProjectLocalAutoloadDisable     Disable auto sourcing, if it was enabled.
				 This means the next time you open vim then
				 it will not automatically source the local
				 project config file, but can manually load
				 the file via |:ProjectLocalLoad|.

                                 *:ProjectLocalLoad*
:ProjectLocalLoad                Manually source the local project config
				 file if autoload is disabled.


 vim:tw=78:ts=8:noet:ft=help:norl:
